PROCEDURE WRITER'S MANUAL PPA AP-907-005
Rev. 2
Page 8 of 68
6. Administrative Procedure: A document that specifies requirements and
actions necessary to implement a program or process (definition of Procedure
provides additional details).
7. Alteration: A generic term used to describe types of activities that modify
approved procedures.
8. Attachment: Information separated from the main body of the procedure used
in the performance or understanding of a procedure such as graphs, figures,
tables, sketches, and forms. Appendices and enclosures are equivalent terms.
9. Bases: The source of information for or the rationale behind procedure step(s)
or sequence of steps.
10. Branching: A step that directs the user to other steps or sections in the same or
another procedure and the user does not return to the original step.
11. Caution: A statement placed immediately before applicable step(s) that informs
users of undesirable equipment results such as potential for equipment damage,
plant transients, or conditions that may adversely affect plant operation.
12. Checklist: A procedural attachment listing specific actions to be performed.
Check-off list and check list are equivalent terms.
13. Commitment: A uniquely identified requirement that ensures future alterations
do not inadvertently remove the requirement. Source Requirement is the DOE
equivalent term for Commitment.
14. Concurrent Verification: A series of actions by two individuals working
together at the same time and place to separately confirm the condition of a
component before, during, and after an action, when the consequences of an
incorrect action would lead to immediate and possibly irreversible harm to the
plant or personnel. [Section 5.0 Step 5]
15. Conditional Step: An action step based on plant condition or combination of
conditions to be satisfied prior to the performance of an action.
16. Consistency: Showing steady conformity to character or method allowing users
to move through documents without having to waste effort interpreting the style
of presentation for each section they encounter. Comprehension is improved
when users can concentrate on the actual performance of the instructions.
17. Continuous Action Step: Steps continuously performed during a specific task
or time period. The performer continues with the procedure while these steps are
being performed. Typically, continuous action steps begin with the words
'WHILE' or 'IF AT ANY TIME'.