PROCEDURE WRITER'S MANUAL PPA AP-907-005
Rev. 2
Page 9 of 68
18. Emphasis: Special formatting applied to text to convey importance or
prominence.
19. Hold Point: A pre-selected step in a procedure that identifies a point beyond
which work may not proceed until the required action is performed.
20. Independent Verification: A series of actions by two individuals working
independently to confirm the condition of a component after the original act that
placed it in that condition (see INPO 06-002, Human Performance Tools for
Workers).
21. Level of Detail: The technical detail necessary within a procedure step to
successfully interface the individual user's knowledge to the technology being
used or task being performed.
22. May: Denotes permission and is neither a requirement nor a recommendation.
23. Note: Statements that provide explanatory information to support a procedure
step or series of steps.
24. Placekeeping: The process used to help users track performance of steps
within a procedure by physically marking steps in a procedure that have been
completed or are not applicable.
25. Procedure: A controlled document designed to improve human performance by
clearly providing the purpose, specific intent, and sequenced direction for an
activity, program, or process.
26. Referencing: A step that directs the user to other steps, sections, supplemental
information within the same procedure or to another document and the user
returns to the original step.
27. Shall: Denotes a requirement.
28. Should: Denotes a recommendation.
29. Source Requirement: See definition for 'Commitment'. Source Requirement is
the DOE equivalent term for Commitment.
30. Style: Specific word selection and physical attributes (such as emphasis
techniques, punctuation, capitalization) used in procedures.
31. Supplemental Information: Procedure content that supports a procedure step
or series of steps and provides explanatory information.
32. Technical Procedure: A document that outlines a series of steps for the
operation, maintenance, or testing of a structure, system, or component
(definition of Procedure, provides additional details).