PROCEDURE WRITER'S MANUAL PPA AP-907-005
Rev. 2
Page 60 of 68
ATTACHMENT 1
Page 1 of 8
Action Verbs
1. The following is a list of action verbs used within the nuclear industry. These
words apply to multiple procedure types such as administrative, instrument and
control, electrical, operations, maintenance, radiation protection, and emergency
planning. This list is not all inclusive and is not required to be adopted in its
entirety.
2. Each station or company should maintain a list applicable for their plant,
procedure series, and regional dialect. Definitions may be worded differently
from those presented here provided the intent of the definition remains the same.
3. Check, Ensure, and Verify are verbs which are frequently used to establish the
type of action to be taken in a specific step. These verbs have been used
interchangeably by facilities with some facilities defining Ensure and Verify
differently between groups at the same facility. This type of inconsistency can
lead to worker confusion on expectations and consequential errors in step
execution. PPA defines all three of these verbs in this list with check and verify
being defined the same. Facilities should select the combination of two verbs
that best fits the facilities historical use of these verbs and apply those two verbs
consistently.
VERB DEFINITION
ACKNOWLEDGE Recognize an alarm.
ACTIVATE Formally institute a special activity/function.
ACTUATE Put into action or motion.
ADAPT Fit in a new situation or use.
ADD Increase the size or quantity.
ADJUST Regulate or bring to a more satisfactory state.
ADVANCE Move forward or ahead.
ALERT Warn; call to a state of readiness.
ALIGN Arrange components into a desired configuration, bring into line, or come into precise
alignment or correct relative position.
ALLOW Permit a stated condition to be achieved prior to proceeding.
ALTERNATE Wrap out of service component and an in service component such that the out of service
component is placed in service.
ANALYZE Examine or interpret test or inspection results.
ANNOUNCE Make known publicly.
APPLY Put, lay, or spread on.
ARRANGE Order, group according to quality, value, or other characteristics.